WordPress plugin: Sharedaddy with Google +1 button
==================================================

This is a fork of a fork of Automattic's [Sharedaddy](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/sharedaddy/) plugin for WordPress.  Sharedaddy, by the way, is included in the great [Jetpack](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/jetpack/) plugin).

As of 2011-06-30, Sharedaddy doesn't yet support a Google +1 button.

Marco Newmann extended Sharedaddy to [add support for Google +1 button](http://p0l0.binware.org/index.php/2011/06/03/google-1-for-sharedaddy/), but it wasn't working quite consistently with all the other services, so I hacked his modifications.  These are the things I've changed:

*    I reverted to the "smart button" terminology instead of talking about "count".
*    All 3 major display styles (smart button, non-smart with text, non-smart without text) are supported, as much as feasible.
*    The smart button is always medium-sized, and the non-smart button is always small-sized.
*    In all display styles, the buttons and text are cropped and aligned properly, both within the WP Admin and on the rendered web page.

This plugin has a limited shelf-life, as Automattic will surely release an official update of Sharedaddy soon.

Limitations
-----------

### Text link & stats ###

Google doesn't offer a way to "+1" a page via a regular link, as with other services.  They only support a JavaScript button.  This means that the plugin cannot display a clickable link with the text "Google +1" and cannot gather click stats for +1.

### Lots of space in the right margin ###

Google's +1 medium-sized smart button has a fixed width of 90px.  So if you see extra whitespace at the right of the count, it's because Google wants to reserve the space for text that can be many lengths: "0", "2.3k", etc.  Blame Google for not adjusting the width automatically.


[GPL License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/)
-------------------------------------------
Sharedaddy is covered by the GNU General Public License, version 2.

For some reason, Marco chose to license his modifications with the GNU General Publice License, version 3.  My understanding is that version 2 and version 3 are not completely compatible.
